Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hello. everyone. this is the 2008 Beijing Olympics'
Women's volleyball match between China and USA.
The holders are one of the favourite teams among the locals
with a home advantage today.
This match is predicted to have 300 million viewers.
This match is in the spotlight
for another reason.
That's correct.
Team USA's head coach
Lang Ping.
Nicknamed the Iron Hammer.
Achieving a legendary feat of 5 world championships in a row with her team.
Lang Ping. in the navy blue uniform
directs the players from the USA bench in English.
Ping's opponent today is her friend of many years.
You know
when China plays the USA
it's never simple.
Welcome. new comrade.
Hello. I'm the team manager.
Let me show you around.
This is the assistant coach leading the spiking practice.
Her here
is No. 5. our outside hitter.
1.8m tall. from Bayi Volleyball team.
From a civil servant family. works extremely hard.
Great basic techniques.
Can both attack and defence well.
The girl in blue
also an outside hitter.
She's probably the shortest hitter in the world.
She might not be tall
but she's got her own techniques
to spike anything set to her.
This is backup setter. No. 8.
No. 12. No. 9 and No. 2
are our middle blockers.
Here.
Our setter.
The captain.
Excellent rhythm and touch on sets. but
temperamental. and at times unwilling to take orders.
This is No. 4.
She sets and blocks extremely well.
Most people can do around 20 before collapsing
but she does 200 squats every day.
That middle blocker
like you. is from Fujian.
Her spikes and blocks are beautiful
but she's jittery and softly spoken.
That's No. 1. our last captain
who's willing to risk her life to save a ball.
Injuries all over her body.
Her knee caps are all worn down.
That's Lang Ping. doing squats with weights
is from Beijing.
Called into the national team at 18.
Before coming here
she couldn't even lift 30 kilos.
Coach has ordered
unless she can lift 100 kilos. she's not to practise with a ball.
This is how Coach trains her.
Her teammates are also helping her.
Let me help you.
Get up!
Sitting there makes you feel more tired.
People are naturally lazy.
Get up!
Our coach needs no introduction.
Come on. up!
When you girls were rolling on the floor
you stayed 2 seconds too long.
Remember!
2 seconds is long enough for victory on court.
Everyone. 10 more spikes!
You!
Don't cry!
China women's volleyball shed blood but not tears.
I can't do it! I quit!
You!
You think you can start and stop whenever you like?
No!
If you stop training now
we'll continue with you tomorrow morning.
Come on!
Again!
If this China team is to win the World Cup
they must be as strong as western teams
and become a well-rounded team.
Coach
I've never worked in women's volleyball.
I don't know anything about it.
I don't get why you asked me to be...
We want a man as their hitting partner.
Coach
the party didn't tell me...
We need a hitting partner who can
copy the playing techniques of our main competitors.
Coach
the order I have is to stay here for 45 days.
No one mentioned being a hitting partner.
Plus
I don't think I'm qualified enough.
Comrade
this is a very important position.
Welcome to China women's national volleyball team training.
Come this way. Officer Wang.
You must be very tired after 2 days of train ride.
Don't mention it.
Coach
let me introduce him to you.
He's technical officer Wang from Administration of Sport
coming straight from Beijing.
Nice to meet you. Coach.
One. Two.
What is computer technology exactly?
It's an electronic brain.
That's equal to a thousand human brains.
It can perform complex operations.
A player's strengths
usual way of playing and tactics can all be analysed.
According to the latest report
US head coach Selinger has begun using computer technology
to enhance the training and match performance of his team.
Which means
all our athletes
are being calculated.
Including you.
Can we get this computer thing?
There is only one at the Academy of Sciences
but I've heard it couldn't even fit into a truck.
Very few people know how to use it.
I don't think they'd let us use it for volleyball.
One more thing.
Selinger has also mentioned
technology will be the future of sports. not humans.
Whoever has the technologies. wins.
Thank you.
Raise the net by 15cm.
Carry on!
Jump!
Higher!
You call those spikes?
If you let them off easy now
they'll lose points during the match.
Harder!
Don't dodge! Harder!
Go towards the ball!
That's not enough power and curve!
Catch the ball.
The Americans will not show you mercy!
The Japanese will not show you mercy!
Come on!
Do you think my method of training
can be calculated by a computer?
Keep going.
Come on!
Everyone's gone.
Rome was not built in a day.
Screw it.
I'm leaving.
You can't lift 100 kilos anyway.
I'll tell the Coach tomorrow that you've done it.
I'm going for dinner.
Hey. what are you doing?
Okay! I've seen it. Put it down!
You wanna kill yourself!?
I was called up to the national team at 18.
Everyone tells me I'm lucky
without knowing how hard I've worked.
I didn't know
I couldn't even touch a ball here.
The experienced players are technically better.
All I can do is work harder.
But the thing is
everyone here works hard. so I can't even win with that.
There are no other choices for me.
I can't go to university.
I can only keep my head down and practise.
10 thousand years are too long
seize the day. seize the hour.
Fight if you can win. run if you will lose.
Some people live in a dream world.
Some people live in reality.
And some make one into the other.
What is that? I don't get that.
Do you know
from the bottom of the flag to the floor is 3.32m.
That's the spiking height of Flo Hyman (USA's outside hitter).
I will jump higher one day.
You're just a backup
talk when you're a starter.
I've already lifted 100 kilos.
I'll be practising with a ball tomorrow.
Hurry up. Lang Ping.
Count faster!
This is the national team.
We're not on the streets.
Don't whistle like that.
Coach. why am I still not training with the team?
Spike 10 thousand balls with her.
OK.
You promised
when I lift 100 kilos. I can join the team.
You have lifted 100 kilos. but they have lifted more.
You spike 10 thousand. they spike 50 thousand.
Catch the ball for me.
Overhead floater.
It needs to go higher.
Another one.
Relax your arm. straighten your back
and hit in the middle.
Only when your judgement becomes your instincts
during a match
can you be in the right position.
How does it become instinct?
By training.
Not just any training.
It needs to be done millions. even billions of times.
Endless repetition.
Only those who persevere will succeed.
This match...
you're on the bench.
Ping will start.
Don't worry. Coach.
I'll help Ping reach her potential.
You!
You play opposite for the Jiangsu men's team.
What's the point of this?
Are we supposed to take this seriously?
Learn from Jiangsu men's team.
Thank you for the opportunity.
Come on! come on!
One. two. come on!
Well played!
Let's kick their ass!
Look at my hand...
Look at my hand. Focus on the receive.
Let's have more movement.
One. two. come on!
Look at my hand.
Stay low.
Defence!
It's alright. Focus on the next point.
Set the ball higher.
Don't rush. Don't let your opponent know you're rushing.
Give me!
Let me!
I've got it.
Good job!
Do you now get
why I've been training you girls so hard?
It's all those training sessions
that's pushing the men to play seriously.
Seize this opportunity.
Kiddo.
The women here put their lives on the line everyday
to show what they can do during matches.
Get your head straight.
They need you.
You are a hitting partner.
But you are an important member of this team.
What is the women's national volleyball team?
It's not about you.
Not about me.
It's all of us.
Come on.
Take every opportunity we get.
Fight for this.
China women's national team. go!
Let me tell you
young people just want to do right by themselves.
Eventually they'll find
they've only wronged other people.
Lang Ping!
If you can beat us
I'll train with you for life.
Learn from the women's national volleyball team.
You'll play at the World Cup in Japan soon.
They'll have strong lights for TV on both sides.
You must get used to them.
Look at the court.
No. 3 is 1.9m tall.
He's the same height as Soviet's Pavlova.
No. 7 is 1.96m tall.
Same height as US' Flo Hyman.
No. 10 spiking height is the same as Cuba's Pérez.
Our training partner's power and build
are similar to Yumi Egami's.
Lang Ping is 1.84m.
She's our best match to a western outside hitter.
This is a test match.
If we can match a men's team today
tomorrow
we can win the World Cup.
You ladies ignored teamwork today.
We keep training.
We'll start with the captain.
Make 30 good saves.
Come on!
It's already New Year!
Let them take a break.
Negative 12.
Who wants to take her place?
Me!
Come on!
That's 30.
Let's eat.
Baby.
Mom.
The coach sent me here.
Don't cry.
I do have selfish intentions.
In 1966
the men's national team
came in 9th.
Everyone was confident
we can reach the top.
Who would have thought
we'd stop playing for the next 10 years.
There's been a dagger in my heart ever since.
The first time I went abroad.
I was in awe of the hotel room.
Refrigerator
colour TV
air conditioner
I've never seen them before.
I couldn't sleep that night.
Looking at the buildings outside
I cried.
China is so far behind
what can we do?
Do we just sit here and sigh
or fight and catch up with the lost time?
The country is reforming to open up
sports in China is a priority.
We don't have the facilities other countries have
so we have to work harder to have any chance of winning.
The Chinese people need to be world champions.
We need to prove to everyone
us Chinese
are great.
Come on.
I'll do whatever it takes
to make you women the world champions.
China women's national volleyball team
One. two. come on!
Higher.
Watch your movements!
We can't beat them by heavy attacks.
We need a combination of soft touches.
Watch out for Egami's quick change of pace.
No one can win the World Cup with a smile on their face.
Go on.
Come on!
You start with what's special about the Japanese team.
Do you still remember that English sentence?
I love my motherland.
I love the morning of my motherland.
The Japanese are quite short.
Defence well.
Hard to be defeated.
When we face them next time
we need to time our jumps with quick hands.
Strong arms.
To make good blocks.
And prepare ourselves for long rallies.
Have to fight till the bitter end.
We can fight back by playing their style.
but have to cover our tracks.
Let's continue.
Go!
This is our last chance!
That's all
for the 1981 squad to Japan.
Hitting partner
will not be travelling with us.
Sometimes when it comes to DNA
we really can't fight with nature.
Have you reached 3.32m yet?
But volleyball
is not about personal heroics.
Look to your teammates.
What you should do
is accept reality.
Accept reality?
So you're willing to be a hitting partner for life?
And what's wrong with that?
I'll be next to you when you win world championships.
We can't play for life.
What happen when we can't move anymore?
You've not thought about
being the head coach?
You haven't slept in a while.
Try to get some sleep on the plane.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
2 coffee. please.
Hope you all come back as champions!
Thanks.
I think we should take a group photo.
It's so bitter.
Tastes like Chinese medicine.
Ping...
One of us did the front
another did the back
someone did the sleeves
then there's the collar.
It's a group effort.
Everyone at least did a few stitches.
Even though it's not very neat
and the sleeves are different size.
I want to...
One day when you're the head coach
you'll get your chance to travel.
Ping! Time to board.
Let's go.
Hello everyone.
We're at the Osaka Gymnasium
live at the 3rd FIVB Women's Volleyball World Cup.
The match between China and Japan
for the championship.
During the match so far
the Chinese team has been looking tense. rushing their plays.
Come on!
Japan serves.
This is the 4th set.
The atmosphere is highly intense.
Japan's defense is nearly perfect.
They are doing all they can to save a ball.
China spikes.
It goes out.
It's 8 to 4.
Japan is in the lead.
The nickname "Toyo Witch" sure suits the Japanese.
Their defense is impossible to penetrate.
The Japanese do play for their lives.
They are on a high.
Team China's offense looks shut down.
It's a stalemate.
No. 3's spike hits the net.
China loses another point.
Her attack was rushed.
What a terrible spike.
9 to 4.
Japan leads.
Japan aces on serve.
For the last few points
China's main problem has been erroneous first passes.
What's going on now?
China's losing.
Again.
A two-man block from China.
The ball goes out.
China makes another mistake.
Japan serves.
Another point.
Japan is controlling the play now
but China has prepared for the worst.
It's not over yet.
Let's turn it around!
Yes!
One. two. come on!
Japan spikes again.
China's No. 7 falls on her hips.
She supports herself up.
Japan gets ready for another attack.
Japan spikes again.
The ball flies out.
Japan wins the 4th set.
China has no other opposite hitter.
How will their Coach handle this?
Coach!
This is my last match.
Please let me have a go at it!
Get ready.
Yes!
Those 4 sets are in the past
don't think about them.
I need you to think about one thing only.
Think about where you're playing now.
We are Chinese.
And you're representing the people of China.
If you don't win this match
all of you will regret this for life.
Come on.
Let's fight.
Come on!
One. two. come on!
Can she still play?
I didn't know they're this desperate.
The crowd's applause is thunderous.
While commentating
our lips are pressed against the mics
Doing our best to cover all actions on court.
No. 1 spikes!
Great spike.
That was one powerful spike.
With that China get the next serve.
This is likely to be her last world cup.
The ball lands inbounds.
A point!
Japan wasn't ready for China's No. 1 to play.
She is turning the game around!
We're winning.
China wins a point!
Coach's tactic pays off!
Coach said
Team China's goal
is to fight until the last minute
and take the Cup home.
No. 1 is the kind of player who shines on court.
Her energy is contagious.
She gives the team an extra bounce.
Japan thought our outside hitter only spikes
but instead of her usual high and fierce attack
she used an unexpected tip against them.
China leads at 4 nil.
It's rare to see a match like this.
The players are all very active on court
as if they have endless power.
Japan's coach. calls for a timeout.
Let's see how he is going to cope with the deficit.
Hear the sounds around you. Please lift your spirits.
They couldn't play this well for long.
Must keep up the pace.
Call out the play.
Yes.
Like monsters!
Got it!
Listen.
We can't lose to China.
We must win.
We are the best!
The Japanese rally again.
They are running actively
and getting ready for a counterattack.
We've said that Japan is hard to kill.
As long as the game is on. they can win it back.
13 all.
Japan battles back to a tie.
Team China is forced to stay passive again.
Their stamina is going down as well.
At this critical moment. Coach stays very calm.
He is gaining time for No. 3 to rest and adjust.
Is No. 7 able to push on with her hip injury?
Look at the court.
You are the youngest.
And you have the strongest attack.
I called you up to the national team when you were 18.
Everything I've put you through
all leads up to today.
Get ready.
Set every ball to me.
I will hit it over.
Come on!
Fight. this is our chance!
Come on. come on!
Japan takes the lead 15:14.
What a crucial moment!
China's spiking from the top.
The ball's in!
Good job girls!
Great teamwork!
China gets to serve next.
A diagonal spike from Area 4.
A hard-earned point.
It's a tie at 15!
China blocks and wins a point. 16:15!
They successfully predicted Japan's tactics
and break their attack!
Everyone out there
our fellow Chinese home and abroad
this is the last game in the last match of this World Cup
and the final challenge for the national volleyball team.
China serves.
No. 10 is serving.
Japan receives.
The ball is set to Area 4.
Japan spikes.
It's 17:15!
Victory for China!
This is the moment
that generations of Chinese people have dreamed of!
The players are hugging each other.
China takes home the World Cup
with 7 straight wins!
Comrade
are you an athlete?
I'm a volleyball player.
You play volleyball. too?
Congratulations.
China has got a great team.
I've been trying to reach
your jumping height for so long.
I haven't made it.
You may not have reached my height
but you're playing better.
Plus your team plays as one.
We'll piggyback you onto the stage.
I can do it.
Stay in line. don't fall behind.
Don't cry.
One
Two
Three
In person?
It's much pressure but
we will give it our best.
Rhythm. don't forget rhythm.
Change it up!
Got it.
Don't think too much.
Focus on fighting the opponent.
That's a good one.
What good one?
You spike too early. One more!
Come on. come on. good.
What did you eat today?
Marshmallow?
If you spike so low against the Americans
it'd be no difference from hitting a wall.
Spike at the highest point.
Understand?
Thank you for checking in.
The pressure is also great motivation.
What can I do for you. Coach?
The old habit hasn't changed?
How's it?
There's a slight breeze...
but it won't affect serves.
Yeah?
To be honest
I feel weird meeting like this before a match.
3 years ago I asked you about taking over the US team.
You told me that I had your support.
Back then
you should have known
that we'd meet like this sooner or later.
We can't run from this.
How could you have that lying around?
You don't know English.
My listening is okay.
Just need to work on my oral and reading.
So. why did you ask me out?
You remember what Coach used to tell us?
Why can a glass hold water?
Because it's empty.
Which team do you think will win tomorrow?
You've beaten the US team so many times.
Abilities wise. team USA is no match for Team China.
Ping.
But what you really think is not that the US will lose
but they'd win. right?
I get it.
You want us to relax
and bring out our best.
Of course I hope China can win.
But as a coach
Team USA is my responsibility.
We've been friends for 30 years.
Of course I know
your love for the Chinese team.
Relax.
Just give us your best shot.
That's the only way to honour our fighting spirit.
You might have lost hope. wandering around...
like a scarecrow without a soul.
Life is like the waves of the sea.
There are highs and lows.
No matter good luck or bad luck
life needs to go on.
Three parts fate
seven parts hard work.
Love the fight to win!
I'm a bad singer.
But I love this song.
"Love the Fight to Win".
Over the years
I've been busy training
Never realise...
how beautiful you all are.
How all of you came to be here.
Every training
every injury and fall
I've witnessed them all.
Looking at you
I remember when I first entered the volleyball team.
And the women there.
You are just like them.
You should be proud of yourselves.
I'm deeply grateful to all of you.
Okay
stop staring at me.
I'm gonna cry.
Today's practice is over.
Eat three blocks of chocolate
for each set you'll win tomorrow! Okay?
Yeah! Come!
Fight!
The last few points were very good.
Girls. listen.
Next. they'll try to disrupt our first pass.
They're getting nervous. stay on top of them.
Move early.
Make it difficult for them on the receive.
Block. faster!
Pay attention to Area 5.
Area 5!
Don't give them time to think.
First pass!
Watch the outside. Go for the middle.
Protect when making strong attacks.
High point!
Again.
Hit it short. short!
No rush.
I'm not in a hurry. why are you?
It's the weaker rotation
time your blocks.
Think.
Put pressure on them.
Tip more.
Hey Logan. watch out for their tips
Protection!
She's going for the tip!
Our red flag flies as the song of victory echoes in the sky
Alright. listen to me...
Their No. 1 is tired.
Focus on Areas 2 and 3.
Concentrate!
Make strong blocks.
Mark them.
Let's sing for our dear motherland.
Hold on for me.
You can do this. definitely can.
Kim.
Make changes on attack. hit it straight and short.
Yes sir.
What did you eat today?
Steak.
Very good. show me what you've got.
No. 1. block her.
What's with the look on your face?
Don't think too much about it.
What we should do now
is to fight back point by point!
We can lose to our opponent
but not to ourselves.
I've got nothing to say.
This is your game.
Fight. this is our last chance!
USA! One. two. three.
One. two. come on!
USA!
The match has come to the 5th set.
Match point for Team USA.
Their first pass is bad.
US adjusts their attack. This is No. 3.
China still has the chance.
US blocks to win the point.
15:11.
Team USA wins the 5th set.
With that. they win the match 3:2.
China and the US are well-matched teams.
Today China was just short of luck.
Home pressure may have affected their performance.
Despite the loss
they made it to the end.
They are all heroes.
Let's hope they can adjust
and do better in coming matches.
Playing Coach Jenny's home team
we wanted to show that we are the best.
Today we did that!
We did it!
At least my son is happy.
I can finally go home.
China lost.
And all they do is blame you.
Mom!
Congratulations. You were so great.
I only knew you coached volleyball.
Mom. I'm so happy!
Are you happy?
Yeah.
I'm really proud of you.
Lydia.
It's been a long time since you've been to China.
It's changed so much.
I no longer recognise some of the places.
Mom. are you crying?
I saw a friend I hadn't seen for a long time.
We talked for a while.
I probably
disappointed him today.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me lady?
You know I can have you towed for parking in a handicap spot.
Oh. sorry.
You look too young to need this.
20 years of being an athlete.
Oh? What sport?
Volleyball.
How the hell do you injure yourself playing volleyball?
Sometimes. it puzzles me too.
Now they can't even beat Japan.
Each generation is worse than the last.
What is this? They should just dismiss this team.
It's not the 80s. don't get so involved.
Volleyball is just a game.
In 1981's Volleyball World Cup
she finished the match despite a hip injury.
Her fighting spirit inspired a whole generation.
After the new year
her conditions deteriorated.
Defeated by cancer.
she passed away on April 1st. 2013 in Beijing.
Stay in line. don't fall behind.
Don't cry.
My match is nearly over.
I'm going to take a break.
Let's be teammates again in our next life.
The service begins.
Please all rise.
You can bring something new to the women's team.
You have our support.
Come back.
How you've been?
Fine.
Mom. you'll be home soon?
Lydia
I might not come back next week.
Is Lang Ping the new head coach?
Please say something.
Can you stay for some photos?
Coach Lang!
Please say something!
It's Lang Ping.
As we had hoped
she's the new head coach of Women's Volleyball Team.
I'm sticking to what I said
we shouldn't have too much expectations on the current team.
The Women's Team is just second-rated.
That's the reality.
The players we have
are much worse comparing to the ones in the 80s.
I suggest we manage them on a daily basis
Be firm.
Take away their phones if needed.
Coach Lang
I watched you play since I was a kid.
I understand you're looking towards the future
but I suggest
we should stabilise the team as a stop gap.
I'm sorry
I'm here in this meeting
not to listen to what you have to say
but for you all to hear me out.
Changing the team is not a one person job.
Me included.
Our sporting system was set 30 years ago.
It's outdated.
There's only one way to go
reform.
Now I will announce my 3 reform plans:
I will start by doing what other international teams do.
Choose from a bigger squad.
Where we used to have 12 players
with 6 or 7 good enough to start
now I'm going to pick 30 players.
Who's that kid with long hair?
She shouldn't play beach volleyball.
She should play indoor.
Her name is Zhang Changning.
She just got permission to transfer to indoor volleyball.
This is her last beach volleyball match.
No. 4 Hui Ruoqi. You're her idol since childhood.
Then she should be good.
Who's the setter for Liaoning?
Ding Xia.
As a setter. her best attribute is
spiking.
Shit!
Good one.
If 30 is not enough
we select 50.
Old lady!
This is a dorm. not your home.
- You're out of your mind! - If 50 is not enough
then 100.
Coach Lang
I beg to differ.
Back from your championship days
it was always about training 6 or 7 players
together for a long period of time. like a family.
That's how we become world beaters.
The winning days
were in 1986.
27 years ago.
Coach
see this No. 5
her name is Zhu Ting.
Born in 1994.
1.94m tall.
I've seen this No. 5 of Henan before.
Zhu Ting's is quite tall
but she's thin. so her spikes are weak.
And she only spikes diagonals.
We're thinking putting her to the backup team.
Coach. that No. 3 is quite good.
She can spike without a run up.
That's truly something.
I'm here.
Chen Lu.
30 minutes late.
10 laps. 50 pushups.
I'll tell you when to stop.
Jump later. Slow down!
Protection!
Nice one!
Up!
When you back set
watch the rhythm
and your hand.
Don't be scared for a back set.
Fine.
You're the captain
not the coach.
With a large number of new recruits in the team
the conflicts between players of different ages.
How would you deal with it?
Fine!
I'm putting it out here right now.
You older players like to stay among yourselves
nitpicking at everything we newcomers do.
Not even when you're wrong?
Do you know what it means to be on this team?
I agree.
You all are too self-centred
and there are no respects.
Who'd just slap someone on the ass.
We wouldn't dare to do that.
I didn't know being here is about taking lessons from you.
This is too much for me.
I might as well just leave.
Ding Xia. do you think before you speak?
The whole team is waiting for you.
Zhang Changning!
What are you waiting for?
It's not beach volleyball. there's no sand.
My second reform plan:
Hiring coaches around the world
building a coaching team.
This won't work.
We've never had foreigners in the coaching team.
From this day forward
we will.
Stop. put it down.
Ting
you're underweight.
You'll get injured.
This is for you. Protein powder.
To increase your muscle mass.
Eat more and take good rest.
Coach. how much is this?
That sounds expensive.
My third change:
in a bigger squad system
I'll scrap starters and backups.
There'll only be first team and second team.
In this China women's national team.
it seems like everyone can start with this new set up.
Ping has made 26 substitutions since the match began.
The centre of the national team nowadays
are not the players
but Lang Ping.
With the first and second team system
we can use different lineups and tactics
according to our opponents in competitions.
Also. I'll tell my players
that volleyball is our job.
Not our whole life.
That's it.
No more session today.
Take a break.
Go on a date.
Coach. we don't have anyone to date.
We're all dedicated athletes.
We're not going to date before becoming world champions.
Drop the act. guys.
Because I can always change my mind.
Run!
I hope our players
aren't only the best athletes
but also the best human beings.
That's all I've got to say.
Sounds complicated.
Make my blood pressure rise.
What do you think?
I agree to the proposal.
We've heard everything.
Coach Lang
we will make these reforms.
Hand the questionnaire in when you finish.
Thanks Coach.
What's your personality? Background?
What's your playing style?
Why do you play volleyball?
Your interests?
Future goals?
Coach. there's a mistake!
Mine says Yunli.
Aren't you guys roommates?
You can only fill in the other person's.
You all got one?
Make sure you have it.
Yunli
why don't we swap and answer?
No.
Yunli. you have a thing against we post-90s?
Well.
Let's play a game.
You take a guess at who I'm thinking of.
I can only answer yes or no.
Volleyball player?
Yes.
Is it a she?
Coach Lang?
Yes.
I've got someone too.
You.
How did you know?
That's the difference between us.
I want to stay on the court and play volleyball!
Try it.
We are a team
and you need to shout.
You need to let it out.
Ting
you need to know why you play volleyball.
I was in basketball team before
and they told me
you're too skinny.
Then the rowing team told me
kid
where are you going to put your long legs?
That's why
I chose volleyball.
Today Team China is playing Team Turkey.
Coach Lang has sent in No. 9 Zhang Changning.
Still can't quit the habit of spinning the ball.
The referee whistles for serve time violation.
At the Volleyball World Grand Prix
China is upset by Turkey
and misses out on the next round.
After losing to Thailand
Lang Ping's team
had the worst results
for the national team in 38 years.
Well played.
What do you think of your team's performance?
Today. they're good.
Our team is good at attacking.
I'm very happy with them.
Coach Lang
we've tried 14 lineups and lost 13 matches.
Should we keep trying?
We can lose some more.
Today's match proved that
Italy. comparing to China
plays on another level.
The time will soon be up for Ping.
Coach Lang
it was quite an embarrassing match for China.
Have you thought about changing the tactics?
How did you make it into the national team?
Oh yeah
I picked you.
I've read your questionnaires.
There's 1 question
"Do you love volleyball?"
A lot of you left the answer blank.
So I'm asking all of you one more time.
You all have to answer it.
Do you love volleyball?
Lu?
Coach
I don't.
I don't want to play volleyball anymore.
No one has ever asked me
if I really love volleyball.
You're the first.
I think
life is not just about being a volleyball champion.
I have to find my own way.
Thank you. Coach.
I'm going to apply for colleges.
We've heard an athlete has quit the volleyball team.
Ping firing a number of starters from the squad.
Everyone is shocked.
Some fans think Ping has lost her mind.
Facing questions from all sides.
I'm going to announce the squad for the Rio Olympics.
Hui Ruoqi.
Zhang Changning.
Liu Xiaotong.
Zhu Ting.
Xu Yunli.
Yuan Xinyue.
Yan Ni.
Ding Xia.
Wei Qiuyue.
Lin Li.
Gong Xiangyu.
That's all for today.
I've trained 10 hours per day for the last 6 months
Just to jump that little bit higher on court.
I'm in good form.
I don't understand why I'm not going.
Because you've been playing too well.
Our opponents have sussed you out.
Chunlei
I'm sorry.
I'm an experienced player. I get it.
I accept your decision.
But how many 4 years does an athlete have?
The first person in history to walk out on the team.
We understand how you feel.
But you can't just let go two of the starting players.
That's self-destruction.
It was a strategic decision.
I could talk about it for hours if you'd like to listen.
No matter what
we give you our full support.
Including
a renown coach.
Back then
he withdrew from the head coach selection to support you.
I think Coach Lang...
is the best fit for the role.
I withdraw.
We think that with your current players
attending the International Volleyball League
will harm the morale and image.
And have a negative effect on the team.
So we will recommend the national youth team to go instead.
It's okay if they lose.
This way your team can have more time to adjust.
Yes. Coach?
Yawen
Transfer everyone in the youth team to the national team.
Copy that.
Well.
The youth team can't go anymore.
Lang Ping
if this is how you want to do this
just be very clear
what the consequences could be!
Working out late?
Didn't you say
that volleyball is supposed to be a joy?
Do you feel joy making everyone go against you?
Why can a glass hold water?
Because it's empty.
If you are here to change my mind
you go tell the experts
I'm going to do this my way.
You're not alone.
Despite what the experts say
you have the Administration's support.
Why did you withdraw from the election?
So that I could win?
I don't need that.
You think I wanted to withdraw?
Yes. I'm old-fashioned
I don't speak English
never lived abroad
and I don't have international horizon.
But I wanted to win more world championships as the head coach.
But no one believes it's possible.
They say that we will never be taller than the Russians
jump higher than the Brazilians
stronger than the Serbians and Italians.
Some even said to me
time has changed.
Chinese people today don't need women's volleyball.
The 80s team at least had the fighting spirit.
The new team has nothing.
Some even say
even if we were world champions again
will people still celebrate on the streets?
Not any more.
Because you are Lang Ping
only you can bring hope for the moment.
For the moment?
If they think I'm here
only to give them hope for the moment
then they are wrong.
I don't put on acts
I am what I act.
Some would tell you
it's better to go back to Beijing.
Better than staying here and sneaking in to practice at night.
Can I win the world championship there?
Eagles have to land every so often
but chickens will never fly as high as the eagles.
Who do you call a chicken?
Changning
I need you to shake off all the sand in 5 seconds.
Come on!
Qiuyue
you need a balloon?
Your hands are too soft.
Ruoqi
you need to block not like a leaking hole.
Xia. less talking.
Stay focus.
Let's go again.
Why did you answer on the questionnaire
you're playing volleyball for your family?
My parents are farmers.
I have elder and younger sisters.
My parents were under a lot of pressure.
My dad also takes side jobs like fixing bikes.
Every time I saw him too exhausted to continue working
I wanted to
quit volleyball.
Then
get a job in Guangdong.
But
my father said
the quickest way
to success for us villagers is sports.
Sports is hard
but the real difficulty is life.
Even if he needed to pawn our valuables
he'd support me.
You know
the first time I saw you
you reminded me of my younger self.
Come on.
Come on. Ting.
One more.
Zhu Ting
Give me some noise.
There's no power without your voice.
Again!
Where is it?
Your voice!
Stop and sit down.
Enough for today.
You play like this
can you look into your parents' eyes?
Go and find a regular job.
You don't need to be here.
Zhu Ting
whether you're from the city or from a village
I treat all of you the same.
A village is where you're from
not a story you tell people.
If you can't play well
try to find normal work
they'll think you're a freak.
Stop it!
You've found your voice.
Come on.
Ting
tell me
why do you play volleyball?
Answer me.
For my parents.
Then you'll never hit the top.
Give me something.
Why do you play?
For myself!
And what do you want?
To be like you!
You happy!
I think you've misunderstood me.
You'll never be me.
When I said you were like me
I meant you were like when I was a backup
and played really bad.
Same as you are now.
You ladies don't know why you play volleyball?
Spend a night here.
Think about it.
Group camping?
What's wrong?
Coach Lang made the right decision to bring you here.
In the past. whenever I was in low-spirit. I came here.
I spiked hard against this old wall.
And my heart would be filled with hope again.
You don't believe it?
Have a go.
You're not sleeping anyway.
Try it.
Look.
All the dents on the wall
are left by those girls
hitting balls into the wall over and over again.
Look
This is Lang Ping's.
Back then. we had none of the resources you have.
But we had this in here.
Now you have everything.
But sometimes
you lose this.
Come. all together.
You're not sleeping.
Coach Lang and I used to come here.
I was with her training
day in. day out.
You know she's not in good physical condition.
Volleyball has broken every bone below her neck.
But why is she still here. fighting alongside you guys?
Because she has this inside.
What is this?
It's the team's fighting spirit.
It's our country.
Go on.
Harder!
Harder. give me some noise!
Where's your voice?
Girls! Voice!
Your voice!
Remember?
30 years ago. you and I had coffee here
and the team came back winners.
Drink it up for good luck.
I know it's bitter. but you have to finish it.
I'll blame it on you if we lose.
Fine.
I know how Brazil feels. fighting on home turf.
It's more terrifying than the scale 12 typhoon in Fujian.
When I was still a player
we played with so much baggage.
We focused too much on winning
even second-place was not good enough.
I won't be thinking like that anymore.
I will treat this one like any other match.
Don't worry.
Of course.
I won't worry about you.
If I didn't. I wouldn't have withdrawn from the election.
I truly believe that you
are the one who can bring something new to the team.
While I die quietly at home
you will die gallantly on a volleyball court.
Say something lucky! I'm about to take off.
Haha. yes.
Good luck.
I don't care if others need the women's volleyball team.
But I do.
Gotcha.
It's the 2016 Rio Olympics.
China women's volleyball has lost to the Netherlands. Serbia and the USA.
They came fourth and squeezed into the quarter-finals
where they'll meet the host and reigning Olympic champion Brazil.
The win-lost record of the two teams is 18:1 since 2008
with Brazil holding an absolute advantage.
Many think that Brazil is on another level to China.
The Chinese team. led by Lang Ping. is likely to go home after the match.
No training today.
Take a good rest.
Tomorrow is the elimination match
we go home if we lose.
I saw Coach Lai looking at flights just now.
We've been playing badly. Coach Lang shouldn't have taken us here.
We're got 2 options:
We leave everything behind and fight on court
or be a nervous wreck and lose before the fight.
I've figured it out.
Tomorrow
we'll win 3:1.
We only lost the last match
because there are only 5 sets.
If we play to 7. we will surely win.
Hello?
We are closing. Can you lock the door on your way out?
Alright. thank you.
I got nervous.
I thought I've had enough experience
to call myself a sports professional.
Turns out I'm not.
A foreign reporter once asked me
why do Chinese
take winning a match so seriously?
I said
because we're not strong enough inside.
When we have true inner strength
winning will no longer be
a match's only value.
Our generation went through a lot of hardship.
Whatever we do
we carry a heavy burden with us.
My doctor told me
I have the heart of a sixty-year-old
and the body of an eighty-year-old.
My sister asked me
if I could
save half a life for the family.
The truth is
I can't let go.
I can't let go of you.
I can't let go of volleyball.
I feel I have the responsibility to help you
to enjoy the sports itself.
And enjoy volleyball.
Ladies
tomorrow is the big match.
The burden of the past should be carried by my generation.
Fight it your own way.
You should keep your heads up
without worries
relax and give it all you've got.
I'm always by your side.
Come on!
The first game today will be very difficult
but it's okay.
Look how fired up they are.
They're only ready for 3 sets.
But I've prepared for this day.
Hang on
and if we make it to 5th set
we have a chance to win.
Come on!
One. two. fight!
This is not ping-pong.
Go home China.
It's the 2016 Rio Olympics women's volleyball match
between China and Brazil.
Brazil is currently world No. 1 and playing at home.
You can imagine how loud the cheering is in the stadium.
In terms of win-lost record since 2008
Brazil has got an absolute upper hand.
Many predict this to be China's farewell match at Rio.
It's okay.
Concentrate on the receives.
I think as long as China plays up to par
the fans will accept and understand
whatever the result is.
Brazil blocks to win the point.
More protection!
Brazil spikes a point from Area 2.
A world-beating team indeed.
Not a good start for China.
Brazil is definitely a stronger team
with well-rounded players.
If we keep pressing in...
Their serves are very powerful
leaving our first passes misplaced. we are too passive.
With the world's 2 best blockers
Brazil has full control over the net.
They are peaking too early.
It might not be a good thing.
Don't let them control the pace.
Let's find our own.
Let's win the set!
One. two. come on!
It's a crucial set for both teams. especially for China.
Turn defense into attack. Ping!
Ask Yuan for the stats.
Coach. their No. 12 is leading the attack.
Her diagonal stats are really good.
Yunli!
Track her. block her diagonals!
Serve to Area 6.
Coach Lang gives tactics to Changning.
Maybe she's looking for weakness.
She's targeting Natalia at Area 6.
Brilliant!
Don't rush.
Brazil makes a mistake.
Changning serves to Area 6 again.
Brazil's first pass is disrupted.
China wins another point with a tip.
Lang Ping has finally found the weakness of her opponent.
Change it up!
China opens the 2nd set with great game.
Coach Lang changes their tactics timely.
China's serves deter Brazil's attack.
Comparing with its performance in the previous set.
China looks like a different team now.
Great one! Ting jumps high.
Her powerful spike wins China another point!
The two teams are at the same starting line again.
Have Qiuyue. Ni and Changning to start.
Jumping too early!
Qiuyue. try quick sets.
Good one! A decisive spike from Yan Ni.
Play more tips.
China is playing without fear.
Ting. good one!
That's right.
The 3rd rotation. 3 attacks from the front.
Tell Xiaotong to warm up.
Their hitter is tired. carry on like this.
Ruoqi is tired.
Coach Lang is making a substitution.
- Who is this? - The player coming on is
Xiaotong. who hasn't played much so far.
We don't have information about her.
Qiuyue. faster.
Xiaotong spikes.
Xiaotong is a relentless surprise.
She is destroying Brazil's approach.
Lang Ping works her magic again!
If I told you one hour ago
that China would be leading 2:1 now
no one would have believed me.
Good one!
Good!
It's the last set.
They are under great pressure on home turf.
I want to fill your blood with gallons of water.
Let go of your other thoughts.
Be patient with attacks.
Block faster when they counter.
We're obviously the stronger team.
The Gods will give back what you used in the day.
Don't leave them any chance.
Give your all
leave no regrets!
Let's beat their ass!
Got it?
One. two. fight!
Dear audiences. the match has come to the 5th set.
The court is at a fever pitch.
The crowd's roar is blowing the roof off.
I've never been this nervous as a commentator.
The final game is only 15 points
so anyone can win this.
Everyone should come out with their thoughts.
Leave no regrets
okay?
Spike! Great one!
You guys still have a chance
but this will be my last Olympics.
Let me start with myself.
I haven't been playing well.
I'm anxious about being a starter tomorrow.
I don't want to let you down.
I promise to fight as hard as I can.
Xia attacks from first pass. score!
I've been jumping too early
and my spikes were weak.
Brazil attacks with a heavy spike.
It's saved.
Tomorrow I will avoid such mistakes.
You set it. and I'll spike it.
A decisive spike from Changning. score!
In previous matches
my rhythm has been off.
And my blocks are all over the place.
Yue
you are good with your emotions.
You should scream your head off.
Great set from Qiuyue.
Yue spikes!
Ting spikes again! China scores!
I was the last name in the squad
and I haven't been playing well.
Don't overthink it since you're already here.
Just go for it. I'll be behind you.
I had 2 heart surgeries.
I don't know how my body will hold up.
The ball is back-and-forth.
But as long as I'm on court
I'll give it my all.
Ruoqi. it's alright
we four outside hitters are in this together.
China attacks from multiple positions.
They are having full control on court.
Yes
I'll even head the ball.
Lin Li's defense is stout.
She digs the ball!
China is on top of their game now!
Brazil tips the ball high over the net.
China gathers for an attack.
Ting spikes from Area 4.
She hits it in!
The referee rules the ball is out of bounds.
Coach Lang requests a challenge.
Let's wait for the result.
In bounds.
China's challenge is successful.
Their No. 2 is in the back row.
Receive is her weakness. target her.
They've been targeting Ting.
And is using this to break China's rhythm.
Ting
out of all the players I've trained
you're the best.
I'm proud of you.
You don't need to be me.
You just have to be yourself.
Brazil serves.
Xiaotong manages to receive it.
Ting spikes over a block!
She's unstoppable!
Brazil's receive flies off
a chance to counter.
Ting spikes a point!
Coach Lang is making a substitution.
Ruoqi. with the big games experience.
Allowing Ting to rest.
Ruoqi helps stabilise the team.
Brazil keeps the game tight. 12:13.
Serves into the net.
Match point for China.
China is on the verge of eliminating the world No. 1. Brazil.
The Brazil team hopes use their roaring crowd
to overwhelm the China team.
A heavy spike from Area 3.
Brazil gets a point.
14:13.
Coach Lang asks for a timeout.
How are you going to play?
Ting's in back row. it'd more demanding.
I'll set it for Yunli. to be safe.
Be bold. This is the moment.
Don't play it safe.
Get ready.
And show them what you've got!
Audiences in front of the TV
this is the deciding point of the match.
Yunli and Qiuyue are old teammates
they should be a veteran duo.
Ting is exceptional today
but she's in the back row.
Passing the ball to her is risky.
Brazil serves.
Changning receives well.
Yunli is off running.
Qiuyue and Yunli's back set attack
has worked many times before.
In front of Yunli is the best middle blocker.
To everyone's surprise. Qiuyue sets the ball to Area 3.
Back row attack from Ting.
Hello?